This classmate
Mr. Yang is the chairperson of Yuding Group
It's impossible to come up with a fake as him
That's not true.
Little brother, what you said is false.
How can you tell?
You really want to know?
I would like to hear it
I can tell you the truth.
But should you give me some appreciation fees?
What kid
If what you say doesn't make sense
Just wait for Mr. Yang to kill you
No problem as long as you make sense
I'll give you the treatment of a super appraiser.
So generous
It's okay, that young master will give you pointers
You are still here at this time
Beware of being kicked by a donkey
Although your painting is fake
But do it like the real thing
What do you mean?
I mean...
Although it is a fake
But it's still a classic